Fix: KeyDown repeats while key is held down (not just KeyPress) (#2226)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/winforms/controls/handling-user-input.md

|Event Name|Method to Override|Description of Event|
|----------------|------------------------|--------------------------|

> |`KeyDown`|`void OnKeyDown(KeyEventArgs)`|Raised when a key is pressed. Duplicate `KeyDown` events are raised at the repeat rate defined by the operating system if a key is held down.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`KeyDown`|`void OnKeyDown(KeyEventArgs)`|Raised when a key is pressed. If a key is held down, a <xref:System.Windows.Forms.Control.KeyDown> event is raised at the repeat rate defined by the operating system.|
```
